---
tags: Signalen, Product Steering group
---

# Signalen Product Steering Meeting 26th of November, 2020, 14:00 to 15:00

This note: https://hackmd.io/dHk92p2TT8GU3uEqlmLfSQ

Shared Product backlog: https://github.com/orgs/Signals/projects/2 (draft)

Product steering and feature requests documentation: https://github.com/Signalen/product-steering

Create feature request:https://github.com/Signalen/product-steering/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=%5BFEATURE-REQUEST%5D

Slack Channel: https://join.slack.com/share/zt-heae6d92-sqH1xvJvJQ_RMpAAMnHLKQ

Mailing list: https://lists.publiccode.net/mailman/postorius/lists/signalen-discuss.lists.publiccode.net/ (Check spam)

Chair: Felix

Board: https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_kkwkuBE=/

## Agenda:

- Announcements Felix: Meeting availability and mailing list
- Update Erik on action point : Backlog Grooming and invite to go over these
- Discussion about refinement of https://github.com/Signalen/product-steering/issues/30

## Announcements

- Felix: Last meeting availability for participation meetings (see action points)
- Jacco: Stresses importance attendance of all municipalities

## Update on product backlog

Erik briefly discussed the work Bram, Amy, Erik and Felix have done. It important that we keep grooming the product backlog so only relevant features are listed an prioritized and at the same time be able to refine and detail feature requests so we learn how the proces from idea to implementation works.

## General discussion about collaboration and feature requests 
Bram proposed to take 1 feature and discuss this further. Arvid noticed that a lot of thinking and designing went into how to avoid duplicate reporting, linking reports. He will give a demo in our next productsteering meeting and share this knowledge with the group.

Also notes that designing and enhancing feature takes a lot of time as it relates closely to process. Bram suggested to plan in 

The group also mentioned it is important to have regular longer sessions in the next year, sit behind a whiteboard together to have a joint collaborative view on the products goals, roadmap and feature requests.

Bram proposed a meeting on the 9th of december to briefly go over the backlog again and focus working on one issue: https://github.com/Signalen/product-steering/issues/30

Arvid pointed out that Amsterdam has set its development budget for Signalen 2021 and would like to include other features from this group as well which are benficial to all.

Astrid added a "Slim melden" user test is underway in Utrecht with citizens using Signalen.

Arjo mentioned he finds it challenging to add comments to existing feature as he is missing context. Felix adds this is normal in the beginning and that we are working as a group to more collective knowledge. Also it is not required to add something. Being part of the conversation around this is the most important.

In general, Felix adds it is important to focus on our shared product backlog. Grooming it, refining it so we get a better overview on what features are important and which can be archived. Bram acknowledges and adds that in addition he would also gradually wants to detail and specify feature requests. Astrid also agrees but thinks it is important to have an overview and basic high-level idea as this will informs you on which feature request you should spend time on for further refinement.


## Product steering schedule

A number of participants indicated Thursdays at 14:00 is not working for them. The 10th of december almost none of us are able to make it.

Felix suggests to send out a datumprikker so everyone can indicate what works the best for them and then reschedule the meeting. If we are able to pick a new slot before the 10th of december we can already reschedule the 10th of December to another date which works for more people.


## Agenda next meeting

- Demo from Arvid about handling and linking reports 
 
## Action points

Next chair: ???

| Action                                                                | Responsible | Due date |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | -------- | ------------------------- |
| Send out datumprikker to accomodate new date for product steering | Felix | 10-12-2020||
| Working session on Backlog and feature request 9th december 09:00 - 11:00 | ALL | 9-12-2020||
