---
tags: Signalen, Product Steering group
---

# Signalen Product Steering Meeting 18th of March, 2021, 11:00 to 12:00

Chair: Amy van Someren

Video Chat using Jitsi: https://meet.publiccode.net/SignalenProductSteering

This note: https://hackmd.io/p1CnZVvBTwSWcl9a_BU0ig?edit
All notes (including this one): https://github.com/Signalen/product-steering/tree/main/meeting-notes

Shared Product backlog: https://github.com/orgs/Signalen/projects/2/

Product steering and feature requests documentation: https://github.com/Signalen/product-steering

Create feature request:https://github.com/Signalen/product-steering/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=%5BFEATURE-REQUEST%5D

Slack Channel: https://join.slack.com/share/zt-heae6d92-sqH1xvJvJQ_RMpAAMnHLKQ

Mailing list: https://lists.publiccode.net/mailman/postorius/lists/signalen-discuss.lists.publiccode.net/ (Check spam)

Board: https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_kkwkuBE=/


## Proposed Agenda:
- Action points previous meeting(not discussed)



## Security incident process

Felix explains 
https://github.com/Amsterdam/signals/pull/713

Amy will approve PR 

## Backlog and how to prioritize
Short discussion about the backlog. Amy proposes to use the product-steering to discuss features together and setting priorities outside of the meeting by adding a thumbs up or thumbs down using the comments feature from Github.

Jacco adds to also focus on discussing features which are valuable towards everyone. As we progress think about how to include the tech-steering and development team in making a feature  detailed enough a software developer is able to implement it.

Amy presents a feature request. After this she asked the group how to proceed. Jacco suggests to discuss the features based on functional theme. (Functional Themes, Epics, Stories, Tasks). He proposes a meeting with the product owners of Amsterdam, Almere, utrecht en Den Bosch to decide this functional themes. These themes can be used to categorise features and have discussion based on feature themes

## Product Owner intro meeting
Jacco will plan a meetin next week where Rene from Amsterdam and also a new product owner from Almere will join and get them up to speed. This meeting will also be used to categorize the feature requests into functional themes so that in next product steering meeting we can continue our detailed feature discussions and move them forward untill they can be developed.

## Agenda next meeting
To be decided

## Action points

Next chair: ??

| Action                                                                | Responsible | Due date |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | -------- | ------------------------- |
| Arjo will consult with team to make writing the implementation guide part of Arvid assignment when implementing Signalen in Almere | Arjo | 18-02-2021||
| Product Owners of municipalities plan meeting with Jacco next week | Jacco/Amy | TBD ||
| Write down short vision/mission Signalen | ALL | TBD ||
| 
